4055: Move easter egg to version in settings (#4076)
digitalfabrik/integreat-app: native/README.md

In development builds, i.e. `yarn start`, the test cms is used as default.

> To switch between production and test cms, go to **Settings**, scroll down to the **Version** and tap it 10 times. To switch back to default cms url, go to landing page (Change location) and press the button **Switch back to default API**.

Reviewer: 🔧 
```suggestion
To switch between production and test cms, go to **Settings**, scroll down to the **Version** and tap it 10 times. To switch back to default cms url, go to the region selection and press the button **Switch back to default API**.
```
